alright guys box number two of the first
ever trading card is on the basketball
group break up next we've got a box of 1
2012-2013 momentum one pack for box 15
cards per pack plus a topper I guess oh
those are the ILO's - kobe bryant artz
let's open it up and see I think these
are all Kobe Bryant Kovac Kovac Kovac
Kobe Kobe with no hado
the lettering on that redemption was X
rcv
all right here we go
good luck everyone
right on the top we have a Kawhi Leonard
next we have a pal Singler
Thabo sefalosha Nicola pic of ik a
Darren Williams a die-cut of Andrew
bottom the silver insert of Chris Paul
number 20 out of 49 number 20 up 49 our
first hit will go to the Cavaliers which
is who the Cavs
Amanda's hubby Amanda's helping Mike has
the Cavaliers he will get a Brad doggery
a brad daugherty auto that is numbered
not numbered Brad doggery Auto not
numbered alright next hit
backwards throw like this good luck
everyone
for the indiana pacers a Miles Plumlee
autograph Miles Plumlee autograph for
the Pacers
let me just pull these off the back
wheel Ryan Anderson bass George Gervin
bass klay Thompson bass now I can turn
these around all the hits for backwards
alright this one will go like this here
we go good luck everyone
the Jonas Valanciunas
Vala cuneus ATO that's going to the
Toronto Raptors
Jonas about hakuna asado maximum we'll
go this way
for the Trailblazers again Meyers
Leonard and our last hit we'll go this
way
good luck for the Bucs Anthony Mason
Anthony Mason for the Bucks
so we had Anthony Mason Otto Meyers
Leonard Harlow
Jonah's Vulcanus autograph
a Miles Plumlee and a Brad doggery
rat dog 3